---

layout: default
title: Interview with GUARD1AN
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _thumbnail_id: '13'
---
**●
     Why did you pick the name that you currently have as an artist?**“The name was suggested to me by a very close friend and I feel like it connects with who I am. I enjoy helping and looking out for people where I can; the word “guardian” nicely describes that part of me. The number in my name is there because I want my music to be easily found, if I were to have just GUARDIAN I would be competing with a lot of popular businesses out there, it makes my name unique and that’s what I was going for.”**●
     What made you start with music?**“I think I have always had a close connection to music, it might seem silly but I remember back when I was around 6 years old I was singing along to hip-hop tracks such as Gangsta’s Paradise by Coolio. Not much later I would find out about Eminem and I have been big fan of him ever since.Additionally, for one year at school when I think I was about 11, I took keyboard classes. It was a lot of fun to me and I think from that point on the idea of being a musician grew on me.The actual production part started around the age of 15, when I was listening to Hardstyle and seeing videos of the DJ performances, the energy of the events looked amazing and I wanted to be a part of that, so I got started.Later down the road I switched into Dubstep after hearing Gold Dust by Flux Pavilion, this track really inspired and motivated me to try dubstep, it was like a great combination of electronic music and the hip-hop beats I used to enjoy. Skrillex released his EP a little after and really got me motivated to work hard and make high quality songs. I’d say overall that this is what really fueled me to get where I am today and hopefully further!”**●
     What are some of your biggest inspiration in the music business?**Flux Pavilion, Frontliner (known as Abject back in the day) and Skrillex**●
     Where would you like to see yourself in 5 years?**“I would like to be a professional musician in the sense that I can provide for myself whilst doing something I love. Preferably to be performing my own music live for people, but I like music so much that I’d be content with doing anything closely related to it as a career.”**●
     With whom would you like to collaboration in the near future?**“Skrillex definitely comes first to mind, because his technical abilities are amazing, I think I could learn a lot from him.Another one would be Pharrell, his songwriting and the fact that his songs continuously connect with an audience is something I could definitely take some pointers on.Finally, Dr. Dre, as I grew up with a lot of the music that he produced or was a big part of, I’m really interested in seeing his workflow and how they used to do things back then.”**●
     If you could remove a genre - which one would that be?**“This is really a question where no matter how you answer it, you’re bound to get some negative response, but I’ll play along. If I had to choose I’d say Nightcore, the genre is hard for me to follow, almost like trying to talk someone at a party while a bunch of other people are talking over you making it hard to follow what is being said.That being said, I appreciate anything to do with music, even if I might not understand it I still respect that artists are contributing to music as a whole.”**●
     Who would you say is the most underrated artist you know of?**“Diskord, for sure. I think their technique is ahead of a lot of known producers in the Trap scene right now. I feel they definitely deserve more exposure!”**●
     if you could go for drinks/go for dinner with 3 people (any 3) who would it be?**“Dillon Francis, because he’s the guy that can get a party started.Dave Chappelle, because he’s wise and got a great sense of humor.Eminem, because I’m a huge fan and meeting him personally would be a big deal to me.”**●
     if you had an opportunity to plan a tour, where would you want to go and why?**“I can’t really choose a single location because I think every place offers something unique, and I love experiencing new things. My goal in life is to try and learn something new every day, and thus I would really like to go to as many places as I can.”**●
     What are you currently working on?**“Currently I’m focusing on Trap that works well in a club environment, I think it’s really important that you can dance to my music to capture that energy Hardstyle/EDM introduced me to. One of my upcoming releases is the track Kitkat, which I now have a preview of on my channel. This track is written with the club idea in mind. I have a lot of other things pending as well but I cannot guarantee a release date on them because most are collaborations with producers and vocalists. Everyone has their own time-frames and priorities so I don’t know exactly when I can finish them.”**●
     What got you into Trap?**“Growing up with hip hop, transitioning into EDM got me into Dubstep, when I heard Diskord, I figured Trap was the genre I was always looking for, and that’s how I got here!”**●
     What is your goal with music production?**“Giving people a good time is my first and foremost goal, I love what I do and I really want to bring that positive energy over to others. Besides that, I strive for excellence, I always want to be the best version of myself in what I do and I want to encourage others to do the same by raising the bar continuously.”   To learn more about GUARD1AN head over to our 
[RDJ page](http://tastycat.net/rdj)
